In this demonstration, we'll use
the Kafka REST proxy to fetch metadata about our cluster.
So we're going to go back to our workspace,
and we're going to see sample4.
Sample4 is fairly different from what we've seen in our other example,
so I'm going to jump into a single document mode on sample4,
and you can see we have a very simple document here.
We've imported JSON and Requests because we're going to use that.
We've defined the REST proxy URL and this will be
the same URL that you will use in your exercises,
but I'll also define this for you as REST proxy URL.
We've got three functions that we're going to define.
For now, they don't really do much other than either pass or return an empty string.
So let's go ahead and start to build out our requests.
The first thing we're going to do is actually ask
Kafka REST proxy to tell us what topics it's aware of.
So to do that, we're going to make a request.
So we're going to do a get on REST proxy URL,
and we also want to make sure that we're basically asking for topics.
So let's go check the Confluent REST proxy API documentation.
There'll be a link to this in your exercise.
So the first thing we want to do is get topics.
So we can see it's just slash topics.
So we're going to say, we're going to add that.
Then what we're going to do is we're going to make
sure that we didn't have an error in our response.
So we're going to say, "raise_for_status."
This is something that comes out of
the python requests library which you can read more about if you'd like.
But all we're doing is saying we want to make sure
that we saw a 200 response from our endpoint and not an error.
If we do get an error,
we're basically just going to print that we received in error.
Then we're going to exit.
Otherwise, we're going to go ahead and return the response JSON.
Before we do that though, let's go ahead and take
a look at what we can expect to get back.
So we have this Get Topics function or HTTP REST call.
This is an example request and this is the format of the response.
So you'll see we're just going to get back an array of the list of topics.
So let's go ahead and run that function and see what happens.
We haven't completed Get Topic or get brokers yet but we'll do that in a moment.
So I'm going to modify this run function and just print out this list of topics.
Now, let's get out of our single document mode,
and let's try running sample4.
Great. You can see we have a list of all topics on our broker.
If I were to run Kafka topics and specify our ZooKeeper,
we should see the same list.
So let's go to full-screen mode.
So as you can see, the array that we get back from our program that we
wrote talking to REST proxy matches the list that we got
back from actually writing the Kafka topics command-line tool.